[Music] Let's
see if I see the wig thing What minute
is it eh Where are you from Venezuelan wig
bro good Venezuelan accent no no no I'm
crying over what ler said By the way,
who Browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content on your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max, or Disney Plus
cyberg VPN And I don't know if you know,
but there is content that is not available in your country
and with this little trick
you can access all the content wherever
you are. I don't know if you know what a
VPN is, but it's an extension that you put on
your internet that masks your IP and
apart from browsing completely safely and
anonymously without anyone being able to know who you
are and where you are, it helps you access
some content that is
blocked in your country, there are movies and
series on your favorite platforms that
are not available, there are
television programs, for example on Mediaset,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain has a geoblock that doesn't
allow it. Well, with cyberg VPN that's
over. Apart from being protected by
browsing anonymously, you can
access content from all over the
planet  you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data ultra fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy live
broadcasts without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever
you want also take advantage of the 83%
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and be
careful because you can try cyberg VPN 45
days without obligation and if you are not convinced,
ask for a refund and they will give you back the
pass so do not wait any longer to
protect your connection and improve your
internet experience run to the
link in the description and take advantage of
this super cyberg VPN offer to
browse completely free and
safe good kid it is not silenced eh
Okay I'm going to mute everyone and Javi you talk
when I am a moderator How can I
silence in I am with fitri too
but they silenced me I
think perfect How are you toupee
toupee wig But can you speak
no no he had not silenced me they are
silencing me they have already
silenced him We are lowering the volume
bro the volume B the volume Ah lower the
volume Yes  because I'm on the phone I
don't have a microphone I don't have anything Okay
perfect as long as you don't leave
Twitter I don't know how to spot you here That's it Ah it
happens that I'm driving and I have to put
the map but
directly No brother I'm not talking
I have the speaker Okay aj what I wanted to
say because the girl I don't remember
that jav wig guy the name I think
pandar calls that you asked him for an example and
I I have given you the example a thousand times that
same example
that I have given you on
Twitter one thing one thing Can I ask you
a question
fam no no I'm asking you
another question can you tell me I was
tough with gemita than with dasas no no
but give the example
because I never answered I mean dec dec it's that I
forgot how much they
get on your
nerves it's that it's easier to write
Obviously I hadn't put this one on you
for driving while you were talking on your phone
Well I don't know which one of them Lili I have
thought about it I have thought about it but it's that no one
of
them is responsible for the things I
say and I remember that you said did you
believe It's better said in front 3,000
people that she wanted to kill her and her
family I don't know how it really was she
wanted to kill Javi's son something like that and
that doesn't seem like it to you that it was crazy that
you said that without I said I said a kiss
about the messages about the message from
Javi Oliveira I mean they sent it to
the woman Well but later
we showed you that it wasn't and you didn't even
apologize later we showed you that it
wasn't but that what the [ __ ] happened They
didn't threaten me anymore they're denying that too now that's not it either man they go around every day denying everything that happened every day denying everything everything later we showed you what the [ __ ] When has that been proven but if that is it is in the procedure they haven't denied it in the legal procedure that
we have they haven't denied it I
mean that is not even a
controversial fact not even in fact in the
sentence where they condemn me for
insulting them it says well in any case eh
Well the video that Javi made of him
trying to break up my marriage yes it
would be responding But well in the
others no because they are much
later or I mean In what at what time
at what time  no no no they threatened me and it has been
proven that they didn't but I
even have a witness who comes because the
lady called him with who did you say we only
showed you that it wasn't her that it was
something else from Focus you proved nothing took
a step Acting crazy For a
month trying to convince me And I told him Well
okay if it's not her it's fine And what
else do you want me to say But that's new
now this year eh that's new
every time I find out that they are
denying something I mean when you
realize everything we lived through and everything that
happened in 2018 19 17 didn't happen we didn't
make it all up damn at least
an apology I mean but no that's not
what I want to tell you but you say that
we said that you have an opinion about me
Ar and it's not that we gave an opinion to me I don't
care if you say that my ar is ugly that you
are crazy that whatever to me no what you
're saying is a lie that yes
obviously my account but apart from some
threats that materialized in 203
that no  I understand I don't even understand the point of
already denying anything you know his name is
Javier peluca you know you know that I I
dedicate my entertainment to myself you will say that
I am obsessed or whatever but I use
this Twitter I use this Twitter is to
deny Javi's things so I
don't mess with you because you piss yourself well well well well well let's see
one
thing It should also be mentioned that I never
saw why that offended you a lot no
because why it seems strange to me but it
seems strange to me already Now you have the
answer to what I gave you already have it
Well, what seems very strange to me is
that when things much more
serious than that happen, you say things about the
obvious ones and you simply became obsessed with
what I said once and you say that like
I mention it all the time, let's see, it
seems very strange to me that you never took out
a tweet or became obsessed with what happened in
Venezuela since you are Venezuelan that
affects you more closely but well, how come I don't know
if you didn't check it check it for Venezuela
put it in you quoted Miare But Miare what did she
say about Venezuela when what she said about Under came out
and she is  here but what do I
care about what Ander says I don't
care but Ander but Listen to what I'm
telling you brother Listen to what I'm saying
when he quotes and says the selection in
Venezuela was well done that was
when we all went crazy My comes out
And says how good A big streamer giving
an opinion based on this giving
validity to the elections in Venezuela
about Maduro and there I don't see you totally
offended with a people that have suffered
as much as Venezuela and more your people
tremendous that eh I have been out
of Venezuela for 10 years to me I don't feel tremendous eha it
's an opinion I mean no I don't talk
about politics I don't talk about
politics you have a
Maduro exit And obviously I don't talk about
politics Let's see if he talks about
politics wait I'm going to put Javi the
wig how is his Twitter javil iir
hdn okay he doesn't talk about politics let's see
maduro let's see he doesn't talk about
politics maduro come on if we put maduro
thanks to Dalas we will return to Venezuela
I hope Javi Leira is the moderator
of this debate and he is maduro papam
Dallas expert in politics  and recognized
for his numerous successes Well here he did
talk about politics okay eh rebori gives the
review when they screw up and make up their
fantasy stories they remind me of
maduro wc preparing to finish off
maduro I don't talk about politics Look at the
twists about Maduro Look at the
guys I don't talk about politics he says oh
my god oh my god and I wrote about Maduro
eh that surely if I put one more thing that
I or Dallas have talked about, I'm sure it would be
worth it, I'm sure there are many
more it's an opinion So mine
is also an opinion, I mean, a government
that's a lie, not an opinion and what to
say that Venezuela is not a dictatorship
is not a lie, he doesn't know what he knows He you he
's European, what do I care what Ander says, he
doesn't
feed me, what does he know if he's European I mean if he
says something that's a lie about
Venezuela it doesn't matter Because he's European
now don't say it javio Dallas eh
what he said doesn't matter to me
Because it's a lie and my yes No either
but I am telling you this I use it
for entertainment I mean I'm going to fight
with  ander I'm not going to fight with and but
my literally said that it was based and
supported that opinion that it wasn't a
dictatorship Well but what do I
care if I don't even listen to what
my says It's just that he doesn't care that he doesn't care
that no they don't move Look if
gibel is messing with me they are
saying that gibel is a waste at the
moment that gibel has cordiality
with me again that in truth except for a
season of that time of the debate and so
on we have always had it already
again gubel they are insinuating
pedophilia and everything you understand I mean they
have no ideology I have been out of Venezuela for 15 years
and if it affects me what happens
in my country that kid is not Venezuelan it's
a mockery she dares all that whole side
all that side they have no ideology they have no
principles Look they go against
the abusers of the I don't know what of
the well of the pambi thing don't see and
now they talk to the raed everyone everyone
talks to the raed everyone like but we
cared a lot about pambi it makes no
sense my country is in a dictatorship
terrible what do I care about that Dallas is
worse than it doesn't matter neither the
ideology nor the principles nor even his
own life his own No it's not Dallas And
Javi is worth it or so it's that regardless of everything
else what I want to tell you I don't even
listen to what my says But I don't understand
why you get so offended by what I said and
what I gave ot is an opinion no no no you don't
offend me but you get into me
directly saying Oh that Javier
wigs I don't know what I don't know how much I mean I've
never gotten into you nor they
send me from the posting of I don't know what I don't know what I've
never said anything about you I mean what I
want you to
understand is that I have nothing personal
with you so that you
dedicate the internet less d internet
my aren't it's that you like to
buy me one I have a question Javi
well Javi the best p Uh no Tell me say How do you
see because I was looking at your account a bit
and you've literally been since 2023
August that you created the account
dedicating between one to cco tweet to Dallas
Javi or well and now we  Well that
one Since 2023, there's some
person who's had several
multi-accounts since 2018 or something like that, uh,
more than a year and a half, they are the ones and they are really really really really
yours. I'll put it up. I'll make
a video for you, nothing more than, well, justice, what do
you do
and a person? Tec, I wouldn't
classify that as bad or obsessive, at the
very least, it depends, I'm talking about more
than 100 tweets, uh, it depends on what it is,
depends on what it is, depends on what it is, do
you think my tweets are uh
harassing or something, no, no, no, no I mean, if
you take them and individualize them, uh, they
're not harassing. In fact, if they didn't, they would take your
account, but I consider it the same as putting
between 100 and 1700 tweets from a person in
question, I think only three days, I don't
like, in this year and a half, it worries me.
You know because it's like, screwing up my
free time, but if I work and I work alone, I only
have one phone next to me, I mean, it's 10
minutes that you can dedicate a tweet
at most.  or two minutes No but put the
t the content you are in the live right now
watching this live right now
Javier peluca has stopped watching the
discussion on their channels and right now he
is watching it here to see what
I am saying, that is, he is not he No, he
is not right now watching the discussion
here or on or on Twitter he is
right now watching it here the moment I
start the live he comes here
cut make montage no no no because
I copy almost everything before before I would
tell you I had an account moreover that account
that I had lasted me like 5 months before
2023 And if I tell you well it is to know if
I watched Javi's live shows and such what I am
saying if you say that this is
show one Enjoy the show however you want or not yes yes yes no yes
here we are doing a
show but I want to know what
your objective is and at least
I believe that you can do a show and tell
the truth at least to me do you think
Javi Dallas will go on the internet That is
your objective I think it does not depend on
us And that depends on the internet,
YouTube, I think  that what they do is wrong
what they do is wrong in fact I think that
yes yes I would have liked it like I opened
the account because I like to talk about
these topics well eh As you know I'm from
Venezuela I found out about Javi's channel I don't know
seeing Auro he told me how about that and I started
following him and I said Well in two days I
realized how much of a liar I was years ago
but no I didn't have Twitter and nothing so I was like
well I like these
topics but with people like that how do I open a
channel Well to me no no no nothing's wrong
with Javi yes even you that his friend
insulted you yes no no Sure but
nothing's wrong and what's up are you scared you're scared you're going
to cry no but it just doesn't seem to me
like it would be like an obstacle there I
mean I don't know practically the south had to
lower their pants to continue to
grow for nothing if you if your
content is different from the others and
is objective based on what you think
is eh quality Then it won't matter
even if you are to achieve the est
no because ch chur did not grow with
criticism chur before reacted just
wait for me any of  any
gossip channel any of these
four [ __ ] including Sabi Oliveira
and the others could give me [ __ ] because my
content had the potential to go
far and and that was because of an opportunity
that I took advantage of not because I was
looking to be a gossip channel I
did it by luck and because it went well for me and
if I could do it anyone can no no
but we're talking about opinion your
channels your channel you hurry up you look for
information I think I saw that one I think it is I
saw the Cris Benoa video I think you
did it
No I liked that one well it was the only one I
actually saw Thanks a sick person counts
eh a sick person is a sick person one
counts one makes a difference one view
is a d Ah no the other one I saw was the one with
the reactions of dadas that Chlo
blanque But also that one I don't
know do you really think that we
blanquea I have to give you some data
We have had the live with the most
people Eh between all of us that
night we were around 30 35000
people criticizing Dallas with crypt
bru delox and Nitro putting  cane to Dallas
and kick it to the max You think that is
synonymous with money laundering too that is
fine that is no that no because they gave they
gave a voice to people who did
come in with evidence but it's that you don't
believe no with what evidence did they come in With what
evidence did they come in Nitro Practically the
blockchain does not lie he says I mean in the
live I tell you in the live What did it
come in with In which live in the discussion of
40,000 people Jai you talk about you talk about
that discussion where cript bru and delox
spoke based on their knowledge
about the subject Dallas right But they had
already brought out the blockchain
or not or they only gave their opinion eh
based on that
we spoke to us And we
stayed quiet because we didn't know
anything about the blockchain subject we are not
experts in cryptocurrencies or economics
Although it may seem like it no eh And with Frank
well more of the same Franco This is
according to him an expert in bugs these
animals the only one
capable the only one capable of refuting something
to him in conditions would be the other Tommy
Tommy expert in
dog breeding but you are  talking to people
who are practically ignorant of the
subject then for you eh whitewashing
but you don't know how to
read doesn't mean No wait whitewashing
for you doesn't mean eh eh that it's the
truth or a perspective not whitewashing
for you it is what goes in your
current or in your position right no
but I think that they can say
things as they are or at least as I
tell that one live How
things are That that reaction the reaction of
chure I put it in a tweet I don't know if he
saw it when I was doing something strong about minors
of Uh my mother no but it came out really Uy more
liar that there you manipulate Because those
issues of these people from Dallas and such
are issues that we have already threshed out 3
million times or rather it's as if a
crazy person does crazy the issue is that in
the issues of Dallas there are people who want to
discuss again issues that have already been
discussed let's see in all
our channels okay you go to the
videos of 2019 and there it is all There is
everything of each trial, of each debate, of
each everything everything is already there and they
want to take it out again now because they have
recruited new people that you Vu the
lerl the eg unpa people who were not there and they
want to refute you and they want to refute you
eh In what they were not there man what
we sometimes enter and other times we do
not enter but it is that it is already and
everything is already spoken everything is already thought about
everything is already chewed we lived it in its
day all the trials all the tweets
now I would have you Now we would have to start
going to the videos of 2019
us to remember everything [ __ ]
but look at what he said [ __ ] but it is that
look at this clip but it is that look at
the other okay You think that you think that
now the topics are other Now there is
something else Now the important topics that get
visits are other topics I do not know if I can
say this word you want to give them
a grumer if I I have seen
Venezuelans saying because of maduro I have to agree
with Dallas this
On the other hand he is so sick that he says it is
Dallas I support the opposite side said time
of justice the justice man that they
are talking to the ra I mean if you
have it there that already  It's not that they
are talking to the RAE How the [ __ ] are
people who are criticizing pambi talking
to the ra How the [ __ ] are people who say that
d is very violent because he made a
video on stardeo screaming he talks to
the ra who has no principles
or
anything the axis of their lives and their
feelings period conado by grom and
when you upload it here in a debate talking
to people well they show a little that they
are not people who are well no you don't
believe it you believe it Until
justice determines it I don't believe it about
abuser either you don't believe it
about animal abuser until
justice determines it either and
scammer and defamer are not things
since they were already debated in 201
and in 2020 even still something but the
fact is that we are in 2025 of course they take it
because they are people that there are people who
live there at that time okay And now they
take these special people and
tell them things so that they
release them in their own way and that's it I would
say yes so that so that  live
happy and that's it these are things that have already been
refuted that have already been more than
chewed there are videos on all the
gossip channels not just on
mine in case you don't like mine on all
the gossip channels okay And that's it and and
and it's already been talked about it's as if We're talking now
again about when it
's as if now we start arguing
every day about when gref tried to
broadcast the ru on his channel well this is
good well this is bad because he deserves it well he does
n't deserve it man it's already been talked about
but no no this is because they have people
behind them who are recruiting oles every time
there's someone against us you
know trying to see if please
now yes between all of us no let's see if now
yes please ex the justi So when
Evo but I'm not the law defamer yes
because he has a conviction with the father my
let's say elator yes you can tell him
but I can't come here and tell him eh
Come on rapist I can't ah but Ah
but Ah but when you said ah but
when you said Knowing that's why I
tell you about my no  that you defend my father it's
not because of my father it's that you said he'll gather
three girls and take her to put the
other guy in jail when a sentence says that's a
lie You said it oh and there
What happened that you're slandering you said that
mine is not defamation defamation is
shouting a crime defamation No I
am not accredited any crime to me you
said they wanted to put me in jail aas or
rather what is the crime What is the crime
in that that's also a lie That's also a
lie now how do they go on denying
all the things from the past that's lying of
course No no it's that they go on denying they go on
inventing new stories and they go on
denying everything we know the context
of he wanted to put him in 80 times he's
telling me no now but he wanted to but if the
thing about the menones has nothing to do
with my mother How could he have wanted to put him in How could it
not if the complaint is filed by the mother the one who
filed that complaint at the police station where
the case is opened it was the mother who
filed the sentence I'm
really going crazy I  I'm going crazy I'm
going crazy but if the minor is
what you talked about but if the minors didn't
talk to Miar there is a capture of
you talking to Miare Of course but what does that have to do with it
Ah then you validate
that and it's when a conviction says that it
wasn't like that but even what
the conviction tells you is that there is no
conspiracy that cannot be proven a
conspiracy that that is a theory of the
accused when defending himself and
that cannot be accredited you
understand or I mean I don't know why I don't
understand that because I imagine that a
conspiracy Maybe it is a crime I don't
know I don't know I'm making it up
okay or it simply wasn't what
was at stake or whatever okay but what do I
know It seems strange to me don't you
even want me to come and say eh
Give access to an abuser of women
when there are three complaints that but I
'm not saying about the abusers I
'm saying giving me
attention I said you said my ar
gathered three  girls so they could put him in
jail to give that's what you said he put him together She
's a way of saying he put him together eh it was
with three girls and it was if it wasn't like that it was
a mistake it's p is debatable javiel
pelucas is the Javi oliveira of 2017 from
a timeline where Javi was born in
Venezuela tremendous it's more the lerl yes I
see him as a Javi oliveira 2017
but much worse much much
worse I mean when I see myself in a video
from that time my goodness the other day
they put up a tweet eh I don't remember what
account and I was telling Dallas
that I wasn't legally a pedophile but maybe
morally a pedophile something like that I
tell him in the clip it's on Twitter
that like he wasn't a legal pedophile
that he was a pedophile F the moral you flip out
with tomy polla eh he said that I just
listen to myself and I don't understand what person was
inside me But why are you laughing I don't
understand no no because of course I can
recognize when  I make a mistake or say
something wrong you no no I no I don't
know I only give my opinion on
Twitter so the guy also laughed at
me when I said that in 10 days Argos wasn't
going to get back with Dallas but I didn't
laugh at your tweet I laughed at your attitude eh in the
face of the situation no of no of But
at least you were funny I
put
these pair that and about Trac I just said it I mean
you consider that posting more than 100
tweets about a person in a matter of
a year and a half without missing a day
seems normal to you and it seemed
normal to you when you record
this I answer you you answer and I
answer you bro there's no problem if I
'm doing it for me normal not
only that they dedicate their time to
only one person or only two that's it it's not
only that they give their
opinion on the content these people get
up in the morning they check my social
Blade they check my social Blade of the
three channels they check the social Blade of
Dallas they look for the word Javi to see
who has mentioned me all day and
suddenly  eh they find a tweet from
Pepito, the one from my neighborhood who
messed with me and they find it
boom, you know, I mean, it's a
stalking and on top of that, they're insults
and they're defamations and it's an
observation, a stalking of the same
person 24 hours a day, I mean, they
're harassers what are you telling me
man my God, one thing is for you to
have a gossip channel, a
gossip account, and you talk about the topic of the moment,
but this guy is trying to
argue with me about a 2018 topic that is already
more burned out than the Indian Pipo, man, I don't
know, they are people who are not healthy and
who are not well and they are what they can, you
know, not what is going to seem
normal to me, there are many comments, for you is it normal to
normalize more than a year and a half dedicating
between one and five tweets every day to
a person who doesn't even have anything
against you directly because it is not
a person a problem, like, they are two
people Ah Sorry, sorry, they are two
people Sorry, excuse me, it's true,
right? I mean, you see it as normal if I [ __ ]
now  and I dedicate a tweet or five to you every
day For a year and a half you would see it as
normal you don't you don't I didn't realize if I were a
public figure who dedicates himself to giving his opinion about
others it seems normal to me you do it
[ __ ] on your Twitter it's public and you have
relevance you have t Well for me it's better to do it maybe
I'll grow and grow and I'll
open a channel and so I can normalize my
opinions because I'm going to charge because the
important thing is to charge no if not tomorrow I'll
pay the verified one and start charging I don't
know how much they pay for twix
0.0002 nothing very little I would give in
principle yes yes you validate
a person's opinion based on how much they charge Well
the simple fact of charging for an
opinion is already that your opinion is worth
less or nothing but I want to know one thing
buo then you can tell it to also
want sa one thing I want to think or no I
want to ask you something you say that
everything you talk about on your account is based on
the truth True truth in what
you believe in what you see Okay for you
Dallas is an abuser a question yes
about animals or women yes  both I do
n't know not about animals
obviously Dallas sent photos of his
naked torso to a minor for you wis
michu hit another person with a bottle
at a party yes and for you the
fact that two experts supposed
experts in animals come and give an
opinion each one why is
the opinion of one or the other invalidated more no because what happened with
Franco costs was pathetic I
mean no his opinion you can say okay he
spanked him but it's that we have the
ch there who said beatings that he didn't love him I
mean diverting attention from
that I mean it's not just and also abuse
animal abuse is not just hitting
we saw the video that he had him
locked outside on a balcony the puppy
be that you didn't talk about that
you could refute that eh But anyway And what
happened No what is he going to say was he 20 years old  what a
wig Can I ask you a question
You told me that I am you are in the
truth and when someone
money money money money
money is
connected but
with me mbre like you had to throw
Okay I can ask you a question
Two hours ago  laseren you get along
well with
laer directly came from Venezuela So it
yields dollars tomorrow I'll open an
account be Javi El Bigotes now seriously
Javi change the [ __ ] Cologne your
dwarfs grow they are
tremendous V you told me there was a
sentence that mine the minors I mean no
never They got together with me
Well today la lente in a live said
that Dallas was a woman abuser
if there are three sentences that absolve him
and they say that he is not are you going to start
retweeting things from ler lente and
telling him that he is a liar because he
calls a man
who was acquitted of three cases a woman abuser
no I think they did not reach
trial but I think that they did not
reach trial because what
they presented was not even worth going to
trial I mean man what you trying to
justify lelen has done the same
by the way is that well he is not acquitted
because he has not been tried he did not reach
trial So he is not acquitted
then Win michu we do not have to
respect that justice eh  he filed
the case God is that man this is when
you see them not in court I think I don't know I
'm not sure no more than the one of miar that
came to nothing and apart from that we can use the
typical Javi that abuse abuse you
badly no but I'm talking to you sh No
Javi oliveira how the typical Javi what is it
the typical Javi Well I don't
know I no I'm not laser like they said
right now I would not use abuse of women
because never Well I think that yes I put a
tweet that is that it is complicated no
because of I have the opinion that yes yes
it could be but I can't
assure it if we are talking about
legality I am not going to assure it
obviously but I do have the opinion that it
could be because we even saw those
videos in which he called her a [ __ ] and I don't know
what eh those videos in which he called her a [ __ ]
and I don't know what What are those videos eh
imagine and like seeing how it is d
what Imagine the defenders that
these people have in public imagine in
private Hello hello what happened that
estater Ah look one thing I have to
go this the last  and I forgot a lot of
things I wanted to say but you have to
go You don't have to go No no they already wrote to me
wrote Hey can you hear me or not I hear
pretty well this account isn't
mine okay they created it for me to start and
to continue what we're talking about me
a little bit of javil wigs basically about
hair can you hear me or can you hear me ch can you
hear me laser can you hear me Ah okay okay
okay you're live dog wait let's say
goodbye to javel wigs let's see what he
means I don't know he wants to
say something to you Oh no but let's talk to
other
people how scared you are Fran spoke Fran
spoke there about defamations of I don't know what And you
didn't tell him anything that the day before
Dallas said that you diverted funds with the
Treasury and he was laughing there I
fell there what the [ __ ] does that have to do with it I
told it to
[Music]